HOPE FOR YOU #Article01 

Are you tired of being a victim of your own Environment?
Is it possible for you to come out of a worst situation? 

Sometimes We become victims of our own environment because we tend to give in to circumstances which seems to be impossible and beyond our control. 

However, Everyone can learn to effect change in their own environment. if one can choose to become a student in the classroom of life, they can tap into the power that enables them off load the unnecessary pressure. 

Learning to influence the environment rather than be victims could be the best possible way out of the trap. 

You need to understand that the possibility of success may also come with the possibility of failing. The same applies, the possibility of great failure comes with the high possibility of great success. 

If we have a positive mindset and attitude we can turn a hopeless situation into an environment of abundant living. Whatever your circumstances might be, it is within your power to turn it around for the better. 

However, the person to initiate this kind of change is yourself. You need to start seeing yourself as an urgent of the change you want to experience. 

Your environment could be specified to have different aspects such as relationships, family politics, business crisis, physical fitness, health dilemma, career obstacles,  unemployment, economic challenges, religion and etc. 

According to life's observations and facts, it has been found that every bad or good situation never last forever. And you may not be the first one to Encounter the worst, even the best of times. 

There may be many others who have been in a similar situation like yours. As a matter of fact, the times and seasons of life will always give people the opportunity to explore and experience bad, worst and good situations that arise. 

Therefore, every situation in your life right now should be taken as an opportunity to explore and grow. So, you better start appreciating every season that you Encounter in life. You can also learn to celebrate and maximize your best moments in life. 

Your life is full of hope. You need to understand that there is always hope for you in every situation. None of us can finish the great potential of hope. 

Hope is such a powerful force in such way that it won't disappoint you. You may not feel hope at the moment but hope will be forever presence in your life. Hope is already in you, wherever you are in life there is definitely hope for you. 

Hope is one of the precious gift everyone of us posses, and we can learn to embrace it. Hope will always work to your advantage if you believe. 

There is always hope for you, all you need to do is to believe. As long as you live, there is so much hope for you. Your current worst situation is never permanent but temporary. 

Therefore, do not loose hope. And never give up on your gifts, purpose, projects, plans and dreams. Keep fighting until the end.

 " A living dog is better than a dead lion" - King Solomon 

### HOPE FOR YOU ###

Article#01: Pastor TO Mulaudzi 
Email: mulaudzitakalani01@gmail.com
Whattsapp: 064 640 9161 
Copyright reserved (c) Mulaudzi 2022 
